UNIQ DOCUMENTATION

GENERAL OVERVIEW:
	The current working implementation of uniq takes in an argument (a file) and an optional flag and gives the unique instances of the lines in the file and prints them to the console. There are three optional flags we give to the user: "-c", "-wc", "-w". For the flag "-c" the output of the function gives the unique lines with a count of each amount of instances of the line. The "-w" flag allows for the tracking of words in the file, taking the line and finding unique instances of each word in the file. The final flag "-wc" gives the user a count of the words generated by the "-w" flag. 

WORK FLOW:
	The function works like so: the first action taken is the taking in of the arguments and finding the proper flags and calling the appropriate function. If we have no flag or the "-c" flag we call lines. In lines we call getline and store the appropriate data for the following lines we recieve. Next we call the helper function bubblesort.

	As for the cases which use "-wc" or "w" we call a similar function "words" where we get the lines a similar way and then write to a file. We use a simple function called write words for proper formatting of the words in the file. After this writing we just simply call getline again on this new file where the words are appropriatly written one word per line so we can then store the words appropriatly. After the appropriate closing of the file and freeing of memory we then call bubblesiort as well on the array of lines.

	Both paths lead to the function bubble sort which is a very simple implementation of the bubble sort algorithm which uses a helper function called swap (which just swaps two elements). After this we call the respective print functions for the flag. It is here where we decide what to print based on the flags and whether we need to include the instances of the words/lines with the print.


